hey how's it going Dave Tootsie here and
there's a lot of hype on the market
right now for the pixel to excel not so
much the pixel - but the excel is pretty
hot right now but there's another phone
on the market that I've always felt was
under marketed underappreciated and just
more importantly under hyped especially
on YouTube and that's this phone the LG
V 30 so this is made by the same company
as the pixel 2 XL they're both made by
LG this one in particular was the gray
and silver one but I've actually put a
marble D brand skin on it cuz I didn't
love the silver trim I wish I'd just
gotten the black one the black trim
looks way better than the silver trim in
real life and a D brand skin would look
good on that one as well so the reason
why I made this video is because the
pixel 2 XL and the LG v 30 have a lot of
similarities both are running snapdragon
835 with 4 gigs of ram which is going to
give you kick-ass performance they both
have a rear fingerprint sensor which I'm
a big fan of they both have big
batteries the one on the pixel 2 XL is
slightly bigger haven't tested it fully
but the V 30 gives you a full day of use
and I wouldn't be surprised if the pixel
to excel gives something very similar
they're both quite water-resistant now
the higher number on the V 30 I would
consider insignificant its IP 68 instead
of IP 67 on the pixel 2 XL and it's
probably because the pixel 2 has larger
speaker apertures upfront so it's harder
to keep water out is my guess they both
have awesome 1440 PP OLED displays
supposedly they're both using the same
panel beautiful colors really inky
blacks but there's one big difference
the V 30 has significantly thinner
bezels than the pixel 2 XL when you
compare the two side-by-side you can't
just help but tunnel vision on the
difference now the reason why the pixel
2 XL has a bigger bezel I'm sure a big
part of it is because it has the
speakers that's got two front-facing
speakers I'm a big fan of those on
smartphones but the V 30 just looks so
much nicer to me and then the more I use
it the more I look at the hardware the
more just feels like a much better phone
in terms of its hardware first it has
the microSD slot I mean that's something
that I personally don't care too much
about but I know a lot of you guys are
really interested in expandable storage
and then you look at the cameras the V
30 is obviously a very different looking
camera setup than the pixel to excel but
it's also a really good camera
the pixel to camera is gonna be amazing
I took a few photos of the event and
they just looked really really clean but
this camera is also fantastic it's one
of the best on the market right now it's
got a wide-angle lens which can be
awesome so a lot of phone companies will
use black and white lenses or a portrait
lens as the secondary camera this one
uses the wide-angle one and by far it's
my favorite of all the secondary camera
lenses it's just so much more useful for
the photos that I take and I know the
pixel to excel has the highest DxO mark
right now which may or may not be
important to you but numbers aside v30
awesome camera and the video mode on
this thing is surprisingly good the
lenses and the sensor are obviously good
but the software and the amount of
control you have over the footage is
unbelievable and it even has log footage
so if you want to capture the most color
data I mean see log on a phone is crazy
the v30 still has a headphone jack but
more importantly it has a really
high-quality deck but no amount of me
explaining things or me describing how
the audio sounds is gonna do justice it
really is like looking at a 4k screen
versus a 1080p screen except it's for
your ears and it's one of those things
where you need to have good Hardware
like a good set of headphones and I
guess it'll depend on the hearing of
each person but if you have a good
quality source file and decent
headphones even the difference in audio
quality is phenomenal so if you're into
music or you think you'll get into music
and you want good sound quality a
high-quality DAC on a phone is amazing
and they even include a very respectable
set of earbuds in the box the V 30 also
supports wireless charging which for
some people might be a small detail but
it is a nice feature to have if you look
at pricing both of these phones are
pretty expensive the V 30 is going for
around 800 bucks off contract the pixel
2 XL starts at 8:50 I wouldn't call it
like a better value or anything just
because you're getting a bunch of free
stuff with the pixel to you right now
you're getting like the Google mini plus
some carriers give you discounts and
stuff
currently I would consider them a wash
in terms of their pricing the software
though is gonna be the biggest
difference between these two phones the
pixel 2 XL is going to run the latest
stuff from Google which is awesome I
love stock Android the V 30 it's running
7.1.1 which is good it's not the newest
stuff but it's also running a skin the
LG
you I and I don't love it I personally
think there are better-looking skins and
this there's significantly worse ones
but I still don't love the LG skin now
what I've done for my phone is that I
just nuked the skin I'm running at
Google launcher and it's close to stock
because Google has enough apps in the
Play Store to replace the LG apps if you
want but it's never gonna be 100% stock
okay if you're on the market for a phone
for particularly the pixel to excel take
a look at this thing if you're
interested in hardware because quite
frankly this has better hardware but if
you're in it for the software and you
want that smooth buttery newest Google
experience sure pixel to excel is the
way to go but I want to leave one last
thing on your minds this phone
not just the v30 but the flagship LG
phone so last year the V 20 year before
that the v10 they've always been great
phones but they've always been kind of
underrepresented under marketed because
just that's how LG does stuff they don't
have like crazy billboards they don't
have the celebrities that just kind of
rock these phones this is a fantastic
phone if you look at any publication
online or print and you see the reviews
for this phone everyone loves it but it
just gets buried by the hype of other
phones which is unfortunate because they
nailed it this year okay hope you guys
enjoyed this video thumbs have you liked
it subs if you loved it
see you guys next time
[Music]